I am a ng ng love moss and introduce a suit like from a listener
More
We had you participate in the name mark and stone stick
Mark 3 Con bar of Kamiaso horse dear girl stories a month of drama
cd arrived
How about realism plenty at the thank you dummy head microphone I went
Small neta around it was interesting to know that listening to the dcs that time one did not stop
Thank you for drinking it after it was full content Thank you for the release
It's been over 6 years ago .
How is it?
Since the direction of I guess so in Futari appendix a Damier was unlucky or rather released in advance accordingly
Because I have recorded the main part, I took it quite early
Hmmm
The contents of the content are more vague, but we recordically so the background etc
Only the house
After all Te caught blood-sucking and fierce tiger of the dummy head Do image also it rings has become is not cute
I say it is a piece of paper, but when recording is priced , it is always included everywhere Oh-this wave head
Such good against
So rienda further it is by that recorded in at that time Well is aligned with the one you protect
Because
Not floats on the other something other softening Las game of allowing two people on both sides of the dummy head
It's a game, but I'm doing it because I'm playing it, but it's not an ear
Well Well Well because I It is your job Lazarus
Soooo Nante what head of Ne or Tsutten Ja also 5 Te do Germany that do not get even analog
Technology does not use it forever and is good for human beings and it is キ ケ ロ や っ て マ イ ク Mike
Oh, I told you that story
Nobody I made do I Once was or not you called the Haruka Ayase is doing you were a girl
It is
I still moat
I thought it would be nice to put a ball, but it is a good
I'm spit a prophecy We are not white
It's coming out, but it doesn't do quite well , but in the end
Oto squeezes a little bit of the result and I also said before, but it is probably the worst
I because the girl is not a lever with a sexual love s pizza 2 of brutality guilt
Other but have become ne management sky pattern was now extended to employees not that of another person
It was another left-wing 's path It'll was good dear a girl Joah not forget I do
If you're a bad hair removal man, you've got a brain, look at that movie
Because that I have is not doing body Milo become Japan and unpleasant feelings in it
I saw I saw I saw the theater I saw I saw this minute
I wo n't get on my spring car sister again
I'm riding but
Mach 7 soul of which was not Kya January is uh
Iridescent you should be doing a good or story Naa correction When too different think if concerns and to
Yes Thank you Thank you
Continue to here. Thank you for your deka name and contact from Baka Yamagen
Mr. Kamiya Ono Mr. Good evening is 50,000
The production of Durarara's new anime series has finally been decided
When I heard that I had been waiting for my diary while reading the original even after the end of the anime
I was very happy-
I 'm looking forward to what kind of characters that have not appeared in 1 season
And I also met early Izuya and Shizuo played by two people
We are filter that out to say
I'm glad meow-
Yeah Somehow I was Well now
Now I Aso you want to do early early something more or something different again what is referred to as likely to put out
I was worried when I had a good day and I had a good day
What or reasonably should likely Yeah yeah you were now
That's it so far Well Well I wonder march also Toka giant's right foot to have to do a variety Well -8 parts
Than I want to touch on something I now Aratametegiyurara
Hmmm
Or meet this addition again to the previously passed What do this some years medicine that you have let me do it
What to do
Although N comparatively COSPA Among them respect but there corner boiled experience Well collection, etc.
It was not the one who was there, but it was not
In because I do not let me still be done Toka dubbing
Though Well I do not say anything in looking as it is of the feeling that I went appeared this
I remember something like tension for a while
Well the performance as an instrument is slightly changed and the pitcher and now &
Naturally there is a part that has evolved
It might be that there is another Once you also a portion that is degenerate it as its present situation Sashizume now
Thats got a in what can be Te
It of course is why the horses there is little possibility become a different thing Well
Of course this is all right to do with the scribe as it was before that
Than there
As long as you do not try but is well indescribable There is the in Tsu want to do because it is so
Ne
Yeah Yeah I Tteyuu Ninen happens when doing a lie now
It looks because was doing equivalent phrase like selfish
Change the sense of distance and how to make it into a building.
Try out a very important line, try a good bid or whatever
I can not be removed from the original theory
Since you're doing at the nano role probably fairly be said to do it the same thing
Ha
But I think Percy what everyone such that mean that work I'd I also that so
Hey, something that was panic
I think caught Tsuyo thing to not want to lose because I was doing all'm Tan
Open your drawer to your own gamble and 4
Drawer
After giving to the cancam, it was already cheated with my grandchild , so it's amazing
It is the
Well it not's the bad meaning I messed up
Because we have chat by rolling the ingredients and in good direction
What schools that can not be put away in a word that something door Ricky
It's okay if it's fine but it's about 120% attractive
I made an effort to show them , so I'm going to improve my skill and defeat the result take .
Because it is said that it is aiff, the site will come again
You can You'll what Kazenakarada is better has had excess going to engaged
It's Boo Boo great luxury
When I think to Fu that Nemaa also I want to in a lifetime thing because its lifetime thing if
Hey Is
In Well that I nor is but an addition to it that pace is also everyone's so of child work
As I'm brushing myself up in many places and getting taller
There are not many people who feel like they have degenerated.
No luck even imagine how to become what kind of feeling because whites do is everyone has become a big
But
Yeah, everyone is looking forward to it-